‐ Bobby?
I'm your Uncle Hollis.
This is my sister, Goldie.
‐ We're happy
to have you, Bobby.
‐ No!
‐ You're men now.
All of you.
You have to make
something of yourself.
Gary met this manager.
‐ The fur business
and the music business,
good to be in together.
I really dug the demo
you sent me.
Not every day I get a tape
labeled "Genius" on it.
‐ We had this performance
at this pub in Manhattan,
and yo, 'Vine, I killed it.
Monica Lynch
from Tommy Boy Records,
my client, Bobby.
‐ Such a pleasure, Bobby.
We'd be very interested
in having you come in this week.
‐ You don't get an album
if you don't have a single.
Something
that distinguishes you.
It's gotta be catchy.
‐ Yeah.
Yo, this.
This is the one.
‐ Bobby, this is our CEO,
Tom Silverman.
‐ Oh, pleasure.
‐ Pleasure to meet you.
Think you got
big star potential.
Want to get you
in the studio right away.
‐ Word?
So you get signed,
you miss the fucking big time,
'Vine out here picking up trash
on Wall Street instead
of selling to 'em niggas,
and I'm supposed to, what,
do business for myself?
If I go anywhere,
you coming with.
‐ Hey, yo, Shotgun.
Seen this shit, man?
‐ What the fuck?
♪ ♪
Maybe I could call Mommy,
and I could tell her I actually
made something of myself.
♪ ♪
For real.
♪ I sit alone
in my four‐cornered room... ♪
Give me that shit
'cause I'm up right now.
Hell, yeah.
I'm takin'
all of your tour money, son.
Give me that cream.
You going home broke,
son, you know that.
‐ Yo, give me those.
♪ Candlesticks in the dark ♪
♪ Visions of bodies bein'
burned ♪
‐ Hey, yo,
what the fuck is that, son?
♪ Starin' at a nigga ♪
♪ I'm paranoid,
sleepin' with my finger ♪
♪ On the trigger ♪
‐ It's an armadillo.
They native to Texas.
‐ Yo, that shit look like a rat
with a shell on it, nigga.
Like Master Splinter fuck
one of those Ninja Turtles,
nigga, word.
‐ Yo, food here.
Here's your order.
That'll be 16.19.
‐ You got all the money,
you pay for it.
‐ Foul, son.
Hey, yo!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, get the fuck
up out of here, yo!
‐ Shit.
‐ I just thought y'all
might be hungry, damn!
‐ Hold up, hold up,
hold up, hold up.
Is that pepperoni?
‐ It's Hawaiian.
‐ What?
‐ Bring it here.
‐ Hey, yo, hey, hey.
Yo.
‐
‐ Something wrong
with you, nigga.
‐ Is that Hawaiian?
‐ Lisa?
Oh, shit, man.
Yo, I hope y'all enjoy that.
Mm‐hmm.
‐ Couldn't get no cheese?
‐ Nah, son,
Gary got some outside, bro.
Come on.
‐ A'ight, come on, man.
I'm gonna catch y'all later.
‐ I love being on tour, nigga.
‐ Yo, I'm starting to miss
New York, son.
I don't know what this is.
This ain't no pizza.
‐ Hey, yo.
Yo, what the fuck is that?
‐ It's an armadillo.
‐ It's native to Texas.
‐ All right.
Yo, let's go get
some waffles, a'ight?
Has to be a place
around here somewhere.
‐ That shit is crazy.
‐ Come on, son.
‐ You got it.
♪ ♪
‐ Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Mic check, one, two.
Mic check.
One, two.
Yo, play that track
for me, please.
♪ Time is moving slow ♪
♪ Life is a drag ♪
♪ This money to make ya,
more girls to bag ♪
♪ Fully aware
as I stepped into the square ♪
♪ ♪
Yo, I can't even hear myself.
Yo, I can't even
hear myself, man.
Yo, can you cut it for me?
Yo.
♪ ♪
♪ I just got to be me ♪
‐ Yo. My mans.
♪ ♪
Hey, yo.
Can you turn that down
for me, please?
‐ What's up?
‐ Yo, I think one of
your monitors are broken.
I can't hear myself
over there on the left side.
‐ They're working just fine.
‐ No, I‐I actually can't
hear myself on the stage
on the left side
of the monitor, so I think‐‐
‐ It's only wired
for the center.
Ra. Ra.
‐ What am I supposed to do‐‐
‐ Come here for a second.
Let me introduce you
to a friend.
He's a regular here at my club,
and he plays
for the Houston Rockets.
‐ Oh, shit, man, yo,
I know who you are, man.
Yo, fuckin' last year's
dunk contest,
where you put
the, you know, that joint
between your legs, y'all.
You knocked it off the backboard
and slammed that shit in, yo.
Ooh!
Yo, that shit was tight, yo.
‐ Thanks.
You know, they traded me
two days after that,
but it's all good.
I'm just happy
to be here in Houston.
‐ Hey. Yo, but you from
New York, though, right?
‐ Oh, Queens, baby,
born and raised.
You got some height on you.
You play?
‐ No, man, you know,
I fuck with the microphone
and I'll be spinning.
Besides that,
I mean, I ain't shit.
‐ A'ight.
‐ Hey. Hip‐Hop Connection.
You mind if I get
a photo of you two?
‐ Oh, sure.
♪ ♪
A'ight, man.
I'ma let you do your thing.
I'll catch you after the show.
‐ Yeah.
‐ All right.
‐ Hey, your manager said I
could ask you a few questions,
for the magazine?
‐ Uh... yeah.
Let's get a drink?
All right.
‐ So, uh,
this is your first tour?
‐ Uh, yeah, it is, actually.
‐ How do you like it?
‐ Uh, it's been a'ight.
‐ Yeah?
‐ You know, I've been meeting
a lot of new people.
A lot of‐‐
a lot of cute shorties.
You know what I'm saying?
Fly honeys.
You actually don't gotta
put that in there.
‐
‐ Yo, let me get
a Alabama slammer, please.
‐ Ooh.
‐ Them shits fuck you up.
Um, but it's been a'ight.
Yeah.
After this is New Orleans.
Then we have the Carolinas.
Then Atlanta.
Let's get that shit tight.
‐ We just doing our old circuit,
you know what I'm saying?
♪ Just‐lce, Ice, Ice ♪
‐ And you're working
on your album for Tommy Boy?
‐ Uh...
♪ ♪
Yo.
Yo, I can't‐‐
I can't believe this shit.
‐ Damn, that was sweet, son.
‐ You gonna do me like that, yo?
Wow.
‐ Yo, we got a problem, son.
‐ Uh, a'ight.
Let me handle some shit,
and I'll get back to you
a little later?
Sure.
‐ A'ight.
♪ ♪
Shit's crazy, man.
What's up, man?
What's the problem?
Buggin'.
‐ What's up, man?
What's up?
‐ We out of weed.
‐ Yo, nigga,
just go and buy some, yo.
You got money.
‐ From who?
You know somebody in Texas, man?
‐ Look, yo, what about
Naughty and them?
Yo, we just smoked them out
the other day.
‐ They're not here yet, son.
‐ Oh, shit.
♪ ♪
Uh, yo.
Y'all smoke weed in Houston?
‐ Uh, yeah.
♪ ♪
‐ Can you hook my cuz up?
Please, he's feening, man.
‐ Come on, man.
‐ Yeah.
♪ ♪
‐
Yo, uh, hey, man, uh, look,
I know earlier,
you were saying it's not wired,
but how am I supposed to hear
myself on the side?
‐ Know what,
just don't move around so much.
‐ Wait, what?
‐ Excuse me.
You got a second?
‐ What do you want me to say?
‐ They want you to sign
some of these records
at the merch table.
‐ Okay.
‐ Yeah.
On the way.
♪ ♪
So how many of these
do I gotta sign?
‐ Uh, guess just enough for
them to seem rare and special.
Hey, yo.
Let me ask you a question.
What do you think about this?
‐ The song?
‐ Nah.
The album, man.
The cover.
‐ Hmm.
Doesn't really look like you,
but it's cool.
I guess.
♪ ♪
‐ Hey, yo, those are those
new joints, right?
‐ Uh, yeah, just got 'em.
So.
‐ Yo, what the fuck?
Yo.
Yo, no, no, no, no.
No, yo, yo.
Yo, where the fuck is Dre at?
Hey, yo, Dre!
Yo.
Hey, y'all know where Dre's at?
Have you seen that shit?
‐ Fuck.
Are you serious?
Are they all like this?
‐ Hell, yeah,
they all like that.
‐ Stupid fucking Raymond.
‐ You couldn't get
a motherfucker
to make legit T‐shirts?
Don't you own a fur company?
‐ Hey, I'll take care of this.
Don't worry about it.
I got this.
Let me use your phone
for a second.
‐ Come on, man.
Come on.
♪ ♪
‐ So, are we not
selling these or...
‐ Yo, look at them shirts.
My name is Rakeem, not Rakim!
R‐A‐K‐E‐E‐M!
Yo! Come on‐‐
Shit.
‐ Your name is what?
‐ Rakeem.
They spelled my shit wrong.
‐ You know what that means?
‐ Means somebody fucked up.
‐ No, do you know
what your name means, God?
‐ R is the first letter
of your name.
R is for rule.
To rule is in the nature
of the black man.
Rules are given to those
who are living
the righteous way of life.
And those rules are given
by the king who is Allah,
the only ruler there is.
♪ ♪
What's today's mathematics, God?
‐ Today's mathematics
is Knowledge Understanding
all being born to Culture.
Knowledge and Understanding
allows the Asiatic Black Man
to reign supreme over his cypher
and share the Culture with those
who want to attain
the 12 jewels.
Peace, God.
‐ Peace, God.
This your man?
‐ This is my cousin.
It's all good.
‐ Well, you better school
this fake‐ass Rakeem,
before he catch a beat‐down.
♪ ♪
‐ Good, cuz?
‐ The fuck did I do
to that nigga, yo?
‐ You calling yourself
Prince Rakeem.
You gotta know the knowledge
behind that shit.
The Gods take that shit
seriously.
‐ Hey, I don't understand
a word that man said, a'ight?
All I know is,
shit sounded like
some religious bullshit.
‐ It ain't even like that.
It's not about faith or belief.
There ain't no mysteries to God.
You, the black man, are a God.
Once you gain knowledge,
it's gonna wipe away
that fear in you.
You know what I mean?
Build your confidence.
Look at Just‐lce.
Any club he walks into,
any stage he steps on
is his and his only.
That's because the man
got knowledge of self.
This shit is real.
♪ ♪
Want the Lessons?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Say the word, son.
‐ All right, man, yeah.
Take a lesson or whatever.
‐ I'll give you something
to read,
but if you want to learn,
you have to build with the Gods.
A'ight?
♪ ♪
‐ Hey, yo, so I was thinking,
maybe tonight,
we perform Pass the Bone.
‐ Together?
‐ Hell, yeah.
‐ Yo, I got my shit.
You got your shit.
But me, you, and Ason
together up there,
we stronger together.
You know what I'm saying?
You remember them Jamaicans
at Park Villa.
‐ No doubt.
Hey, when we form like Voltron,
ain't no stopping us.
- ‐ Yes, that's what I'm sayin'.
- Mic check.
One, two.
Mic check, one, two, one, two.
Hey.
Turn me up in the monitors.
I can't hear myself.
Only the center one's wired.
‐ Yo, rewire the other
monitors, motherfucker.
And don't give me
some bullshit excuse,
'cause I know yo' ass can do it.
This shit again?
‐ What?
Hey, speak up, motherfucker.
Okay, give me a couple minutes.
I'll take care of it.
‐ Which one of these do you
want to wear for tonight?
‐ Oh, shit.
Yo, what happened
to my Army fatigue joint
I had on the other night?
‐ Ask your backup dancer.
‐ Hey, yo, cuz.
Yo, that's my shit.
Yo, that's my jacket.
‐ My jacket now, nigga.
‐ A'ight.
‐ Yo, they about to
have you out there
looking like Big Bird
in this thing.
‐ Hell, no.
I feel like I'm fucking with
what I have on right now,
you know, this Carhartt,
this Champion hoodie.
Shit's more me.
‐ Hey.
Hey, but thank you.
Yo, what's up?
I need room to do
the Ason slide, cuz.
I come right up to the edge.
‐ Can't you just do it,
like, five feet that way?
‐ What,
you my choreographer now?
‐ Hey, yo, yo, it's all good.
Hey, guess what?
‐ What's up?
Yo, tonight,
we performing Pass the Bone.
- ‐ Hoo‐hoo!
- A'ight? Yo, I need us‐‐
I need all of us
to be on the same page.
So I'ma finish up
this microphone check,
I'ma catch
y'all niggas backstage.
‐ Oh, word, you know
that's my joint too, cuz.
You know that.
‐ Spoke to Raymond
about the shirts.
Hopefully we'll have new ones
before the tour ends.
‐ Hope you got your money back.
‐ Yeah.
And you're going on
first tonight.
‐ Wait, what?
‐ Yeah, apparently,
Naughty just left Dallas.
They're gonna be late.
Might not even make the show.
‐ Why do I have to go on first?
I mean, that's like performing
for an empty crowd.
Nobody even be here
for the opener, yo.
‐ You want to ask Just‐lce
if he would do it instead?
‐ Can't we just ask the DJ to
spin until this shit pack up?
‐ Look, Ra, stop sweatin'
the small shit.
You think I would've signed you
if I didn't think
you were a star?
Look, so your single came out
less than a month ago
and look
where you're at already.
All you gotta do is focus
and put on a good show.
That's it.
Doesn't matter
if there's two people today.
Tomorrow there's gonna be 200
and then 2,000.
You're on your way, man.
Trust me.
‐ All right, man.
Let me get back
to this microphone check.
I'ma holler at you later.
♪ You know how I blow,
this is not lazy ♪
♪ I'm fuck‐‐
fuckin' crazy ♪
♪ I kiss the...
uh, ooh‐rah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ And my labels
fuck me deeply ♪
♪ This is enhancing, charming ♪
Hey, yo, yo.
Mic check, one, two.
One, two.
Mic check.
Mic check, one, two, one, two.
Man, now I sound muffled, man.
You gotta uncuff the mic.
What?
Yo, can y'all lower that light,
please, man?
I can't‐‐
I can't even see you, yo.
♪ ♪
Pass the Bone every night, son.
Yo, they was loving that.
I swear
everybody in that building
sparked up
when y'all did that song.
I caught a contact high.
Yo, I just love that beat.
That shit is funky.
Hey, yo, Pass the Bone
is the one, son.
She playin' it on‐air
today, right?
‐ I don't know.
‐ They better.
Our shit is fire.
Gonna sound dope on the radio.
Hey, but I feel like
that should be your first
single for real on the album.
You know I got some beats
for you too.
‐ Hey.
Welcome to Q93.3.
What's up, guys? You guys
can just follow me this way.
I'm looking forward to the show.
You been to New Orleans before?
‐ Nah, but I heard y'all niggas
know how to party, though.
‐ What's it called?
‐ Which one?
‐ Talking about
that Mardi Gras joint.
‐ That was last month,
but you hit up Bourbon Street,
I'm sure you'll have
a good time.
‐ See, we should've gotten here
last night, man.
‐ All right, well,
y'all can chill out
right here, okay,
until they're ready for you.
If you need anything else,
let me know.
Naughty by Nature's
already here.
You better get my tracks
now while I'm still cheap, yo.
- ‐ Yo, what's these?
- They're beignets.
A New Orleans staple.
- ‐ They made with lard?
- I can find out for you.
‐ Oh, son.
‐ Yo, yo, what's up?
What y'all doing out here, man?
‐ We go where Tommy Boy
tells us, man.
‐ Word.
‐ You guys have the same
clothes on from yesterday.
‐ We ain't never make it
back to the hotel.
This the first time Bobby
and Gary gonna be on the radio.
- Y'all ready?
- Ain't gotta be ready.
They were born for this.
♪ Yo, chill with
the feedback black... ♪
♪ Shit, we don't need that ♪
♪ Yo, chill ♪‐‐
♪ Yo, chill with the feedback
black we don't need that ♪
♪ It's 10:00, ho, where
the fuck is yo' seed at? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ It's 10:00, ho, where
the fuck is yo' seed at? ♪
♪ It's 10:00, ho... ♪
♪ Jesus walks ♪
♪ Feeling mad hostile ♪
♪ Jesus walks with me ♪
♪ Flowing like Christ
when I speaks the gospel ♪
♪ When I speaks the gospel ♪
♪ Jesus walks ♪
‐ They fucked
that nigga up, man.
‐ That shit ain't
nothing new, man.
They been doing this shit
to niggas forever.
‐ Least they got it on tape now.
‐ Don't even make a difference.
They ain't gonna do nothing
to the pigs.
The Los Angeles police
chief looked at the tape...
‐ Hey, yo.
Where y'all go last night?
Yo, hold up.
Somebody farted?
Which one of you niggas
farted, man?
‐ What's up, party people?
Welcome to New Orleans.
Thank you for coming.
‐ What's up?
‐ You got any questions
before we head in the booth?
‐ Can I smoke?
‐ No.
They coming?
‐ Nah, it's all good.
Just me and Ali Baba, man.
‐ Is that shit real?
‐ Well, I'm not gonna argue
with a man who's got a machete.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ Come on, guys, follow me.
I'm just telling you,
when Pass the Bone hits,
my producer fee is gonna
blow up your budget.
Shit, with my single
and now your single,
I'm gonna have two hits
on the radio.
Y'all can wait out here.
- ‐ Damn.
- Yeah.
A'ight, so check it out.
When we come back
from commercial,
we gonna play a snippet
from the Genius' new single,
and then we come back,
I'ma have y'all
kick a few rhymes, okay?
I assume your people
prepped you for that?
A'ight.
Good, so it's supposed
to be fun,
so, you know,
try to have a good time.
You all comfortable?
You need anything?
‐ How about one of them
Hurricanes, man?
This New Orleans.
I know y'all got something
stronger than water.
‐ Go bring in
that bottle of Henny.
‐ I gotcha.
‐ You must like
the Forty Thieves.
‐ Say what?
‐ Ali Baba.
He was in Arabian Nights.
Know what I mean,
they called the swords, man...
♪ ♪
‐ ♪ Stroll with the holy robe ♪
♪ Then attack the ♪
♪ Stroll with the holy robe ♪
♪ Then attack the globe ♪
♪ With the ruckus style ♪
♪ The buck‐us ♪
♪ Style, the buck‐us ♪
♪ Ten times ten men ♪
♪ Committing mad sin ♪
♪ Turn the other cheek
and I'll break your chin ♪
♪ Turn the other cheek and I'll
break your fucking chin ♪
Yo, yo, yo.
You can't curse on‐air.
If we get fined,
we charge your label,
and you don't want that
coming out of your budget.
‐ Oh, shit.
Yo, my bad, I'm not‐‐
I'm not even trying
to be on that.
‐ Yeah, okay.
But it was dope, though.
Is that the kind of stuff
you putting on the album?
‐ Yeah.
I hope so.
I hope so too.
I mean, the game really needs
that right now.
I mean, I know
you got that whole
Prince Rakeem thing
for the ladies,
but this lady wants
more of that real shit.
It's Q93,
your home for hip‐hop and R&B.
It's your girl, Zina D,
and I got that very exclusive,
exclusive for you right now.
It's a taste of a new one
from the Genius.
It's called "Come Do Me."
Q93.
♪ ♪
‐ Yo, what the fuck?
Hey, yo.
Yo.
I thought we talked
about Pass the Bone
being the first single
on your album.
‐ Andre and the label
wanted Come Do Me
to be the radio hit.
‐ Yo, that's‐‐
‐ You know how that go.
You know how it go.
‐ Yo, so, what,
y'all can still have
some of my joints
on this shit, right?
You know I got them beats
for you too.
‐ I'm sorry, I can't.
The album's closed.
It ain't my call.
Come on, you know
label politics and whatnot.
You know I think
your shit is dope.
Just put it on your album, son.
‐ I don't have
an album deal yet, nigga.
I only have the single.
‐ You keep writing rhymes
like you got,
you're gonna have an album deal.
Your shit is too good.
‐ Yeah, whatever, man.
‐ Almost back, guys,
okay, I'm gonna come
to Treach first.
‐ Let's get a picture real quick
before we come back.
Look right here.
Here we go.
One, two, and...
♪ ♪
‐ Yo, hurry up.
I'm sorry, little mama.
After you.
We gon' be late, let's go.
‐ Relax, nigga.
You know they can't do
this shit without you.
♪ ♪
‐ Hey, didn't this
used to be a Bojangles'?
‐ Oh, no, that's been gone
for a while now.
‐ Yo, what's a Bojangles', son?
‐ It's a fast food joint.
‐ Uh, speaking of food,
I want some grub right now.
Yo, ain't y'all known for, like,
barbecue or somethin' down here?
‐ You know they do
like them hogs.
‐ Hey, you laugh, man,
but I still got the scar
from that goddamn pig.
‐ Oh, shit, yo.
‐ Yeah.
‐ Jeez.
Yo!
You ever heard of some fucking
freaky picnic out in Atlanta?
‐ Oh, Freaknik.
Yeah, that's next month, though.
‐ Yo, we missed that too?
Ugh!
Yo, first Mardi Gras,
then Freaknik.
Yo, Dre fucked
this whole schedule up, son.
You tell him.
‐ Hey, so where'd you come up
with Prince Rakeem?
‐ Rakeem.
Rakeem is original.
I'm an original man.
The black man
is the original man.
We are the creators of earth
and the father of civilization.
So I guess I'm going back
to my original self.
‐ No, sorry, man, no, it's cool,
but you're always gonna
be Bobby to me.
‐ It's all good.
‐ Yeah.
‐ Weren't y'all
used to work together
on a plantation or somethin'
back in the day, son?
Yo, put me on.
‐ Yo, Uncle Hollis,
nigga, his farm.
My boy Teddy here, you know,
he lived around the way.
‐ Y'all used to fuck them farm
animals too, didn't you, son?
‐ Come on, man.
‐ Hey, hey, hey.
All right.
Hey, let's go around the back.
‐ Yo. You see that shit?
Yo, why we gotta do this?
‐ This is crazy, man.
I don't get it.
‐ Yo, this is the first time
I'm able to meet my real fans.
‐ Word.
‐ Who actually know
about my shit.
‐ Shit.
‐ Trying to figure out
what the scene is,
what the streets is saying,
what they saying,
what they saying.
‐ Man, fuck what the streets
is saying,
long as they tell me
where the ladies is at,
you hear me?
‐ Hey, my mans is crazy.
‐ He is crazy, yeah.
‐ Hey, yo!
‐ Yo! Thought y'all weren't
gonna show.
Yo!
We here, baby.
‐ You saw that line outside?
‐ Hell, yeah, I did.
‐ Whoo!
It's looking beautiful.
For you!
♪ ♪
It's gonna be great.
I'm tellin' you,
this gonna be amazing.
All right?
Look, I want to introduce you
to the owner.
‐ Yo, one sec.
‐ Ra, you already running late.
‐ Oh, it's all good.
Can't do this without me, right?
♪ Ruler zig zag ♪
♪ Zig‐allah jam is fatal ♪
♪ Stick my wu‐tang sword
right through ya navel ♪
♪ Ruler zig zag ♪
♪ Suspenseful ♪
♪ My wu‐tang sword
right through ya navel ♪
♪ Zig‐allah jam is fatal ♪
♪ ♪
‐ This is Rodney.
It's his shop.
‐ Hey, man, you got
one hell of a collection here.
‐ Yeah, I've been open
for 20 years now.
Managed to procure
a handful of gems over time.
Like that Wendy Rene
right there.
‐ Yeah.
Well, thanks for having us.
So how are
the record sales going?
What did you think
about the record?
‐ Oh, um, sorry,
but I don't really listen
to rap music much.
But, look, I am happy to host.
‐ Can I use your phone
for a sec?
‐ Thank you.
‐ Help yourself, man.
It's in the back.
‐ I'ma put this right here
if you don't mind.
Yo, Ra.
Yo, come check this shit out.
Yo, this shit is crazy.
Word.
‐ Yo.
Yo, all of these are 99¢?
Yes, sir.
Been trying to get rid of them
for months.
‐ So y'all are into
karate flicks, huh?
‐ Hell, yeah, yo, yo,
I remember this from Channel 5.
Yo, the one
with the drunken monk.
Remember the master was like,
"You ol' dirty bastard."
‐ Yeah, yeah, yeah.
‐ Yo, this was my favorite shit
back in the day.
Oh, word.
‐ Oh, shit, man.
‐ Yo, you already got
the Shaolin vs. Wu‐Tang.
Let me hold this, man.
‐ Hell, nah, nigga,
D‐Lover got my shit,
which means I'm probably
never gonna get it back.
Besides, I sample
all of that kung fu shit
with this right here.
‐ Word.
‐ Go check that out.
If people ain't calm,
they ain't gettin' up in here.
‐ Yo, I'm gonna put this
right here.
Promise you I'll pay for all of
this before I leave, all right?
‐ Hey, yo, my man,
this is my nephew.
‐ Oh, man.
‐ He loves rap music.
‐ What up, my G?
How you doin'?
‐ He'd love if you could, uh,
sign this record
for him, please.
‐ Yeah, of course.
So, uh, what you think about
the‐‐about the record?
‐ It's a'ight.
‐ It's a'ight?
‐ You know Rakim or EPMD?
‐ Yeah, I saw Rakim once.
He was dope.
What's your name, G?
‐ Psykalogical.
‐ Boy.
‐ P...
‐ He means your Christian name.
‐ No, it's all good.
Yo, you be rappin'?
You be spittin'?
You be rhymin'?
‐ I got a few.
‐ A'ight.
Hey, yo, cuz, come over here.
‐ Yo, what's up, son?
‐ I want you to drop
a beat for me.
I want to hear
what this kid got.
‐ Hold this for a second.
Thanks, dude.
‐ All right, you got it, li'l G.
‐ Check it.
‐ ♪ Step up, I'll leave you
dearly departed ♪
♪ But I'm not from New York ♪
♪ Where all of this
rap shit started ♪
♪ First in the Bronx, now each
borough gettin' bigger ♪
♪ If you want that real shit,
come to Greensboro, nigga ♪
‐ Yo, you hear this?
‐ Yo.
Yo, hell, yeah.
Hell yeah.
Hey, yo, you keep that shit up,
I might be comin' to see you
at your record signing, man.
Yo, one love.
Hell yeah.
‐ Just a little
Wolfpack‐Tar Heel madness.
But, uh, there's somebody here,
says she's family.
Oh, no.
Yo, don't let her in.
‐ Nephew!
Aunt Goldie.
‐ Oh, look at you!
All grown.
And big‐time now, I see.
Back when he was a kid,
I used to take care of Bobby.
Sorry.
Prince Rakeem.
You always were a prince,
weren't you?
You had it in you.
Even back then.
I know it wasn't easy for you.
But you turned out just fine.
Your Uncle Hollis would be
so proud.
We all miss him, you know.
‐ Yeah.
Me too.
‐ You remember your cousins,
Juanita and Cass.
You remember them.
You must've met 'em
when you were younger
at that reunion we went to
in Raleigh that time.
Here, take our picture.
♪ ♪
Now, how come you didn't call,
to let us know you was in town?
Now, we want to see the show.
You think you can get some
guest passes for your family?
‐ Yeah.
Yeah, I can do that for y'all.
‐ Good.
We'll make a evening out of it.
Can't wait.
Well, we'll see you tonight.
‐ All right.
‐ Prince Rakeem.
♪ ♪
‐ She has not changed much, huh?
‐ Not one bit.
‐ I did not want
to say hi to her.
‐ All right.
Yo.
Let's meet some fans.
♪ ♪
‐ Someone fucked up.
‐ What you mean?
‐ That page we got?
‐ Yeah?
‐ That was the label.
Just got off the phone
with Monica.
Your sample didn't clear.
♪ ♪
‐ Which sample?
‐ The Deniece Williams one.
‐ ‐ Yeah.
‐ Yo, you fuckin' with me.
Yo, that's the entire‐‐
that's the entire single.
‐ Yeah, I know.
I know.
And they want you
to rerecord it.
♪ ♪
‐ Yo, that's‐‐ that's the reason
why all these people
out here, man.
For that single,
for that version.
That's the version they heard.
That's the only reason
why they know me.
‐ I know, Ra.
It's fucked up, Ra,
but somebody fucked up.
But right now,
we gotta collect these records.
We can't sell this shit anymore.
Look, grab the Rakeem records
and take them to the back.
‐ Yo, how the fuck
are we even supposed to have
a record signing
without records, yo?
Ah, shit.
‐ This is what you needed?
‐ Yo, for real, Dre?
For real?
"We love you, Rakim"?
Yo, this is
fucking amateur hour.
Yo, fuck this.
‐ Look, just sign‐‐
just sign the posters
and stickers.
Take pictures.
‐ Yo.
‐ Give away the shirts.
‐ They spelled
my fucking name wrong.
I'm not passing
them motherfuckers out.
‐ No, this is bullshit.
It's bullshit.
I know it is.
Right?
We know this.
Okay, you gonna get
to rerecord it.
New song, new beat.
And it's gonna be just as dope.
Then we're gonna shoot
a video for it.
♪ ♪
‐ They want to shoot a video?
‐ Yeah.
I just got off the phone
with Monica.
That's what she told me.
All right, they just
put us out a budget for you
for a music video.
For you.
♪ ♪
‐ All right,
and what about my uncle?
‐ Comin'.
I mean, if they approve
the video,
they gotta believe in you.
♪ ♪
‐ All right.
They know I have some ideas.
You know that.
Want to make it all cinematic
and shit.
‐ We can talk about that,
but right now,
I just need you to focus
on signing those.
All right, look, I'm telling
you, look, it's not gonna be‐‐
it's‐‐it's gonna be
in a couple of months
a cakewalk, all right,
small potatoes,
that's how you're gonna see it.
All right, just go in here,
sit down, suck it up.
I mean, you wanted
to see the fans, right?
♪ ♪
‐ All right, man.
Yo, whatever.
Just fucking put those
corny‐ass shirts away,
and we can
fucking just leave out
the stickers and the posters‐‐
whatever.
‐ Look, just make
the fans happy.
♪ ♪
‐ All right, man.
Let's do this.
♪ ♪
‐ Yo, we gotta tip him
or something?
‐ Nah, label pays
for all of this.
Yo, what up, ladies?
Hey, yo.
♪ ♪
♪ I've got too many ladies ♪
Yo.
I gotta learn to say, you know?
Yo, I can hook you up
if you want me to.
‐ No, no, I'm all right.
‐ Are you sure?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ All right.
How's everything going
with you and Nia?
‐ She don't want nothing to do
with me right now.
‐ Sorry, 'Vine.
Yo, everything
is going to work out.
‐ Least I got that carpet
cleaning shit to keep me busy.
Hey, yo, you know, I gotta
bounce in, like, ten minutes.
♪ ♪
You got your name in lights.
I mean, yo, not your real name,
name, but still.
‐ Shit is fucking crazy, man.
♪ ♪
‐ You really made it, bro.
‐ Nah, man.
We made it.
Both of us.
♪ ♪
What the fuck?
Stand by.
‐ Hey, yo.
Dre.
‐ Ha, what's up, bro?
Hey, how you doin'?
Andre.
‐ Divine.
‐ What the fuck is up with all
this old‐timey shit, man?
Chicks walking around
in old‐school dresses and shit.
What's up with that?
‐ Tommy Boy likes it
classic Hollywood.
Don't worry, this is one set.
You know, they have many more.
Hey!
Rakeem, Prince Rakeem,
Prince Paul.
He was just sharing with me
this project
he working with
on his new video.
‐ Ain't no introduction
necessary.
I'm a fan, yo.
Oh, yeah.
Paul used to DJ
at the Stetasonic.
You also produced that, uh,
that De La Soul joint, right?
The entire album.
That shit with you
mixing at the end,
you was scratching the fuck
out of that shit.
Yo, much respect.
‐ Yeah.
Yeah, De La Soul is dead.
‐ Yo, I thought‐‐
thought they was coming out
with a new album.
‐ Nah, that's the name
of the album.
I'm putting the finishing
touches on it right now.
‐ Oh, shit.
‐ Skits and whatnot, you know?
‐ All right, man, I feel it.
Gonna do some skits
on my shit too.
‐ Yeah, it's great to know,
'cause, you know, Tommy Boy
really wants Prince Paul
to produce your album.
♪ ♪
‐ Yo, I thought that I was
producing my own shit.
♪ ♪
I mean, no offense to you, yo.
‐ It's just a discussion.
You know what,
did you meet the director?
Give me a second,
guys, all right?
Come on.
♪ ♪
‐ Wait, so y'all‐‐
y'all reaching out
to new producers now, yo?
When I been showing you
what I can do?
‐ I know, I know,
it's a tough sell.
How many rappers you know
producing their own albums?
‐ EPMD, yo.
Brand Nubian.
Tribe.
Yo, Naughty's on Tommy Boy,
and they got‐‐
they got Kay Gee producing shit.
‐ I'm talking solo acts.
‐ What's the difference, Dre?
‐ Hey, Fortunato.
The director.
Hey.
The man with the magic plan.
‐ Hey, man,
it's great to meet you.
‐ Hey.
I'm not gonna lie.
Feel like this is all‐‐
this ain't me, man.
‐ Nah.
No, no, don't say that.
It's gonna be great.
Trust me.
And Dre said you love movies.
‐ These ain't the movies
I was talking about.
Y'all couldn't get a movie
theater in Staten Island?
Showcase the hood?
‐ We're gonna mix‐‐
‐ Yo, come on, man.
‐ We're gonna mix
some of your urban flavor
with that classic
movie star feel.
‐ Hey, listen.
All this fancy shit ain't me.
A'ight?
I need something real.
Something authentic.
When people see me,
I need them to know who I am
and where I come from, yo.
‐ There he is.
‐ That's all I'm saying.
‐ Star of the show.
‐ Hey, isn't this amazing?
It's so classic and cinematic.
Hey.
I just got out of wardrobe.
You're gonna look great.
All right, I'm gonna steal
Rakeem for a second.
Come on.
Hey.
We haven't talked
since you left.
How was the tour?
Did you have fun?
‐ It was a'ight.
I mean, I think we rocked it.
That Carolina
record signing, though,
that shit was fucked up.
‐ Yeah, I know.
Okay, and it's our bad,
and we take full responsibility,
but, honestly,
I think
the new version's better.
♪ ♪
Oh, you don't look convinced.
‐ Yeah, well,
if y'all like it...
look, all I'm saying is,
this ain't my vibe, man.
I do have some ideas
for the video‐‐
‐ Okay, okay, look,
I get your skepticism.
I know you're asking yourself,
I mean,
"What does this white woman know
about hip‐hop anyway,"
am I right?
‐ I didn't say all that.
‐ It's okay.
But we do happen to know
what works and what sells.
All right,
when I started at Tommy Boy,
I was the only employee.
In fact, I don't even think
we were a label yet.
It was just me and Tom
in a cramped apartment.
But I had
an eye and ear for talent
and Tom believed in me,
and ten years later,
look at our track record.
I had a hand in every single one
of those videos
that we did for our artists.
You remember
Ladies First, right?
‐ Yeah.
Latifah's dope.
‐ Right, okay, so you remember
those clips of South Africa
and the struggle
to end apartheid?
Those were controversial,
and they were debated.
But I fought for those
because we believe
that all of our videos
should represent our artists,
whether it's, I don't know,
Me Myself and I
or The Humpty Dance.
‐
Shit.
Y'all got me looking
like Humpty on my shit.
‐ I don't see it that way.
No, I think it's fun
and it shows your personality.
Listen, Rakeem, you have a style
that's not like any other artist
that we have on our roster,
and I think that this video
is gonna showcase that.
Now, this is Chelsey,
and this is Emily,
and they're gonna take
great care of you.
‐ Y'all got me
in a penguin suit?
‐ Well, it's just
for the stage scene.
It's not for the whole video.
‐ Monica.
‐ It's sophisticated.
And in a couple of months,
when your video
is all over MTV Raps,
Rap City, Video Music Box,
you're gonna love it.
All right?
I promise.
‐ Try them on.
You can go change behind there.
♪ ♪
Hey, Monica.
I was thinking...
Look, I know you guys
are looking for producers,
but I really think I should do
the beats on my album.
I did the single, both versions,
y'all liked that.
You heard Pass the Bone.
And I have a few more
that I could play for you if...
Monica?
What do you...
‐ Come here.
Let me help you.
Can you tuck in for me, please?
‐ Yeah.
Yo, where did she go again?
‐ She just went out.
She's gonna talk to production.
Tuck in.
It looks nice.
‐ How's it feel?
‐ Feels pretty tight.
‐ It's supposed to be
a little tight, sweetie.
Arms up.
Turn around.
♪ ♪
How do you like the color?
Follow me, this way.
I'll deal with that.
♪ ♪
Braids look good.
Just gonna tighten 'em up.
‐ That's pretty tight.
‐ I know, I know.
Excuse me, there's a friend here
to see you,
over at craft services.
‐ Yeah, that's my boy, D‐Lover.
Yo, I invited him.
Yo, can you‐‐
one second, please.
‐ Hold on.
Turn around for me.
♪ ♪
Arms.
‐ Thank you.
♪ ♪
‐ Hey, yo,
that's my brother over there.
All right, can you make sure
he doesn't come over here
for about a couple of minutes?
Thank you.
Hey, yo, what up, nigga?
What you doing over here,
stealing food?
‐ What's good, son?
‐ Yeah, boy.
‐ Ah.
Look at you,
looking all proper and shit.
‐ Real proper.
‐ Yo, they told me
you was having
a video shoot and all,
but I didn't know it was
gonna be all this, son... yo.
‐ It's crazy, right?
‐ Word.
‐ Yo, who the fuck told you
about the shoot?
‐ Your man Gary.
Or Justice,
or Genius, or whatever‐‐
I can't keep up
with y'all niggas,
always changing your names
and shit.
Change your name more than I
change my damn drawers, son.
‐ Hey, I believe that, nigga.
I believe that shit,
with your stink ass.
‐ Yo, he played me
that Pass the Bone joint too.
‐ Oh, you fuck with it?
‐ Son, that shit
sound nice, kid.
Word is bond.
Yo, appreciate
that shout‐out too.
‐ Got you.
‐ No, it's, like, dope.
That's the idea?
Shit don't look like
where we came from, son.
‐ It's not my idea at all,
but it is what it is, man.
‐ That don't sound like
the Bobby I grew up with.
‐ No, yo, hey, I remember us.
We was kids, you know, posing
for album covers and shit.
‐ Word is bond.
‐ Look at what it is now.
♪ ♪
You still writing that shit?
‐ It's whatever, you know,
I ain't got time for all that.
Son, you know a nigga
be busy and all that.
So what's up with that‐‐
what's up with that Robin Leach?
‐ Yo, Robin Leach?
‐ The Rich and Famous tour.
Show me around
and all that, son.
‐ Shit...
‐ Hey, yo.
I see you got
your groupies and shit, huh?
What the fuck
you just said, son?
‐ You know you been doing
that shit,
bum‐ass motherfucker, what up?
Jump, nigga.
‐ Yo, this not even the time
and place for all that, son.
‐ Yeah, so my crib
is the place, nigga?
My fucking crib is the place?
You ain't leaving
this motherfucker.
You ain't walking out
I promise you, man.
‐ Please.
Please, yo.
He gonna be in the video,
all right?
‐ Nigga, fuck you, nigga.
This shit ain't over.
‐ I got it.
‐ Shit ain't over, nigga.
‐ Chill out, man.
Yo, chill out.
A'ight?
‐ So‐‐so what‐‐what, that's‐‐
that's your mans now?
Huh?
‐ Nigga, you know I fuck
with both of y'all.
‐ Hey, yo, why the fuck
you even ask me here, son?
What, you trying to set me up
or some shit?
‐ Now, why would I do that?
‐ I don't know.
♪ ♪
‐ Nah, nobody trying
to set you up.
I didn't even invite him,
a'ight?
Yo.
He just came by himself.
Besides, man, yo,
look at this shit.
Look at this shit.
Fuck all that beef
between y'all, yo.
This is what's important.
Getting paid to make music.
♪ ♪
All that street shit is over.
‐ May be over for you.
Prince Rakeem.
You been doing
whatever the fuck you want.
Bounce for a couple months,
on the road and shit.
All happy‐go‐lucky.
Meanwhile, I'm here.
Left behind.
Putting in work.
‐ Yo, you could've came
on that tour with me, man.
You know that.
‐ To do what?
Be a fucking‐‐your backup
dancer or some shit?
Yo, get the fuck out
of here, son.
‐ You was the one
who gave up rapping.
That was‐‐that was on you.
‐ Nigga, because
I gotta eat, right?
Put food on the table
for my fam!
I'm in the streets
hustling every day
and every fucking night.
Meanwhile, you here,
all buddy‐buddy
with these Park Hill niggas
like ain't shit happen.
Nigga, fuck that.
Shit ain't over till it's over.
Know I mean?
Them niggas still gotta answer
for what they did.
‐ Then what, D?
One of Power's people,
they gonna peel you off.
‐ Power, yo, yo, Power
and that nigga shot up my crib.
Mm‐hmm.
Where my moms
and my brothers stay.
Darius and Darren.
Know I mean?
‐ Yeah.
‐ And if niggas was fuckin'
with you and yours,
I would have your back.
No question.
So what up?
‐ Yo, D.
You and I both know,
the only reason
why Power did that shit
is because you came
after his people first.
Yo, after 'Vine told you not to.
‐ Yo, I don't give a‐‐
I don't give a fuck
what 'Vine say.
what nobody say, you feel me?
I peel that nigga wig back
right now, nigga.
‐ Props.
‐ Right fucking now.
You feel me? You feel me?
‐ We got a gun over...
‐ Hey, yo, what the fuck
you doing, son?
‐ I got this,
I got this, a'ight?
Yo, I got it.
I got it.
‐ Props? This ain't no prop,
nigga.
‐ Yo.
This my motherfucking
video shoot, yo.
Come on, D.
‐ Hey, yo, look.
I keeps it real.
Know what I mean?
You don't know shit about that.
You on some fucking shiny suit
fucking Daffy Duck bullshit,
but it's cool.
Go ahead and enjoy your fucking
groupie, Prince Rakeem.
♪ ♪
Places please.
They're ready for you, Rakeem.
♪ ♪
Places please.
Let's go on the bell.
‐ Here you go.
This is perfect.
‐ Yo, what is...
‐ Look, give me‐‐
give me one take with it.
It looks great.
Trust me.
‐ Yo.
‐ These too.
♪ ♪
‐ Test, test,
one, two, one, two.
♪ ♪
One, two, one, two.
‐ Turn that shit
all the way up, a'ight?
All these levels right here.
♪ ♪
‐ Uh, you have to leave,
like, 20% headroom, man.
You have them all the way up,
you're gonna get distortion.
You don't want it
peaking over zero.
‐ Nah, man.
This is how I want it, a'ight?
This is part of the sound.
Put this shit all the way up.
Mix that shit gritty and raw,
know what I'm sayin'?
Gives it that raw shit.
‐ You want that, like,
punk rock sound, right?
Like Sex Pistols.
Exactly.
‐ Yo.
‐ Cool, man.
I dig it.
‐ That shit sound
kind of ill, though, cuz.
You should've threw that shit
on my album.
‐ Yo, this nigga got
jokes now, huh?
‐ Know what I'm sayin'?
‐ Yo.
‐ Talk different
when you get money, yo.
‐ You know it.
You know it.
‐ Yo, I heard they put you in
that Bobby new video, though.
‐ Know what I mean?
‐ Look at him.
‐ Yo, that shit was mad fun.
You blink,
you'll miss a nigga, but...
know what I'm saying,
that shit was fun.
‐ At least you could see
a nigga, right?
‐ Hey, yo, Sha, turn that shit
off for me real fast.
‐ Yo, that's my favorite part.
‐ Niggas seen that shit.
‐ I invited y'all niggas here
because...
well, shit.
Y'all the dopest MCs
I've ever met.
True.
‐ I believe
we could do some shit
that could be a game changer.
Know what I'm saying?
Yeah, man,
I'm feeling this right here.
Let me hop on it.
‐ Oh, we all gonna be
on that shit.
Best believe that.
But as a crew.
A'ight?
Word?
‐ Together.
‐ Yo, God, like...
‐ That's what I'm saying.
‐ Like on some scenario shit?
Yo.
Now, Bobby,
you know I've been waiting
on this moment my whole life.
Let me get that first verse.
‐ Hold on, son.
Relax your limb, son.
First verse?
‐ Hey, look, it don't matter
if it's first or last, a'ight?
I want all of y'all niggas to
try to compete with each other.
Try to outshine each other.
But at the same time,
we coming together.
Hit them niggas
with that Wu‐Tang sword style.
Slicing niggas
with sharp tongues.
‐ You know what I'm saying?
Wu‐Tang.
Nobody fucking with the Clan.
You know what I'm sayin'?
‐ Hold up, yo.
I gotta get up in there, son.
♪ ♪
‐ I got the spirit in me.
Whoo!
‐ Warm it up for us.
‐ Hey, yo,
warm it up for us, bro.
Get up inside that studio.
Let me see what y'all got.
You got it.
♪ ♪
‐ Peace.
‐ What's going on?
‐ Hey, what's good, Dre?
‐ Hey.
Hey, you get us in
a studio sesh for us,
we might be here for a minute,
probably till...
‐ Let me holler at you
for a second.
It's gonna be‐‐
it's gonna be real quick.
♪ ♪
Ason.
Give us a sec.
‐ Man.
Every time... man.
♪ ♪
‐ What's good, Dre?
We trying to‐‐
we trying to record some shit.
‐ Yeah, yeah.
You know what, I spoke to Monica
and Tom at the label.
The single, it's not moving
like they hoped it would.
♪ ♪
‐ Well, shit, if y'all would've
used the original sample‐‐
‐ I know, I know, yeah,
but that shit is irrelevant now.
Sales aren't what they expected.
‐ I don't know why y'all
wanted that for the single.
I mean, people over
that corny, poppy shit.
People want that real shit.
‐ Ra.
‐ And yo, Dre.
What I'm doing right now
with my niggas,
this joint I'm working on‐‐
‐ Ra.
‐ It's real, man.
It's gonna fuckin' drop the‐‐
‐ Listen, listen, Ra.
‐ Crazy, yo.
‐ Listen.
You're not hearing me right now.
There's not gonna be an album.
♪ ♪
It's over.
I'm sorry.
They're dropping you.
♪ Oh,
we love you, Rakeem ♪
And I love you too.
♪ Oh,
we love you, Rakeem ♪
Thank you.
♪ Oh,
we love you, Rakeem ♪
You're far too kind.
♪ Oh, Rakeem ♪
RAKEEM: Gosh.
♪ Oh,
we love you, Rakeem ♪
Your feeling mutual, love.
♪ Oh,
we love you, Rakeem ♪
Oh, do you?
♪ Oh,
we love you, Rakeem ♪
- Mm...
- ♪ Oh, Rakeem ♪
‐ ♪ When I walk
down the block ♪
♪ The girls stop and clock ♪
♪ They hop on my jock
'cause I got mad props ♪
♪ Tall and slim with
the brown skin complexion ♪
♪ Half them sweatin'
my love and affection ♪
♪ As I collect them,
must want to protect them ♪
♪ Love them deeply,
but never disrespect them ♪
♪ I keep a tab
on the large amount ♪
♪ But sometimes,
I find myself losing count ♪
♪ Of Latika, Diane, Lisa ♪
♪ Stephanie, Jackie, Teresa ♪
♪ Sharonda, um, um, Veronica ♪
♪ Latasha,
Cynthia, and Monica ♪
♪ Nevertheless,
you must give respect ♪
♪ To the feminine queens
that the God selects ♪
♪ I love them all,
but even though ♪
♪ I'm rather happy,
I should've said no ♪
♪ But yet my ego
gets into the way ♪
♪ And always something
that I'll never say ♪
♪ I'd just bag 'em,
keep them under my wing ♪
♪ Put 'em in a posse
and let them all sing ♪
♪ Oh,
we love you, Rakeem ♪
Do you?
♪ Oh,
we love you, Rakeem ♪
‐ Say it again, baby.
♪ Oh, we love you ♪
Get on the line.